Reinstate boot counting (#447173)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

- `stestrCheckHook` was added: This test hook runs `stestr run`. You can disable tests with `disabledTests` and `disabledTestsRegex`.

> - `boot.loader.systemd-boot` gained support for [Automatic Boot Assessment](https://systemd.io/AUTOMATIC_BOOT_ASSESSMENT/) via the new [`boot.loader.systemd-boot.bootCounting`](#opt-boot.loader.systemd-boot.bootCounting.enable) options. As part of this change, boot loader entries on the ESP/XBOOTLDR partition are now named `nixos-<content-hash>.conf` instead of `nixos-generation-<n>.conf`; existing entries are migrated automatically on the next `nixos-rebuild boot`/`switch`.

Reviewer: I think we could expand on this a bit for people who are not aware of what this does "in plain English", eg:

```suggestion
- `boot.loader.systemd-boot` gained support for [Automatic Boot Assessment](https://systemd.io/AUTOMATIC_BOOT_ASSESSMENT/) via the new [`boot.loader.systemd-boot.bootCounting`](#opt-boot.loader.systemd-boot.bootCounting.enable) option, allowing automatic detection of bad boot loader entries. As part of this change, boot loader entries on the ESP/XBOOTLDR partition are now named `nixos-<content-hash>.conf` instead of `nixos-generation-<n>.conf`; existing entries are migrated automatically on the next `nixos-rebuild boot`/`switch`.
```

Reviewer 2: If we add this, "bad NixOS generations" might be better than "bad boot loader entries? It's technically about much more, i.e. all of `boot-complete.target`.

And the plural form in `options` seems accurate, as there's `enable` and `tries`?

Author: Both done.
